[Music]
okay by now I'm guessing you've noticed
that we are from the great British soil
and some of you have commented to say
that we don't do enough good traditional
British food which is why this week
we're jumping straight in with a classic
and that's fish and chips so we're gonna
make our own chips twice fried and we've
got some haddock and we're gonna put
into my beer batter okay so this
couldn't get any more British the first
thing that is are chips
so if you guys can or one of you people
and one of you chip you're smoking clean
up in a minute Jamie I'm just saying
it's on the hop also need to get those
Jamie yep now we want chips now for this
one we're gonna go quite thin chips thin
slices like this alright french fries
really french fries clean against the
point base part when you see when we
twice find them you'll notice why we do
that my case is a nice crispy chip you
can leave some of the skin on if you
want but for these I think it's even
better if we take it all off
while you're doing that I'm going to
make our platter so it's just an
all-purpose flour or a plain flour
little bit of salt and the thing we're
gonna make it with our a or your oils
are very British very British drink stay
on flat which one have you got there
this is bishops finger I've had a few
bishops finger in my time now here in
the UK and we'll well no stupid a all
names if you want to see more these
razors main thing click on the
description below
I think to make my inspiration video you
want a consistency is gonna stick to the
fish so something like that it's still
dripping but it's nice and thick and
lump three important bits dripping
bishops finger and they can go into our
fryer basket out that's the chip
remember the one I cut yep do if I set
about the same size yeah well I have a
size complex and I think they probably
look closely so these are gonna go into
our oil at 140 degrees okay we're gonna
cook them twice that's not hot but oil
that's quite cool you can do this just
in their pan on the stove if you like
okay just keep an eye on it never leave
it unattended and they'll cook for about
minutes meanwhile we can do our fish so
the batter's there now there is one
other secret ingredient a little bit of
vinegar this in the batter in the better
tablespoon or so and that's just enough
to give it up crunch if you don't want
to do beer you can't get hold of beer
you can just use sparkling water
it's nothing alternative those chips are
probably cooked but no lift them out
this shake get me an excess oil and then
drain them off my kitchen roll this is
one that's once cooked but see already
pretty cooked okay nice people cooked
okay fire up to 180 degrees okay because
that's what we're going to cook our fish
in and they'll just start actually
battering the fish so this is haddock
okay like sustainable fish you make sure
you take it all the skin off and it's
bone free seasoned flour and that's just
gonna make the batter stick to the fish
and then bears if you can just kind of
swirl that around in there and that's
the coach all the way around it's all
coated and then drip it into the oil and
just slowly lower it in so that it
starts let's set the bathroom before you
let go say me alone so the whole thing's
coated slowly in the last minute and
then give baths get a little bit more
shape and it just stops leaking to the
bottom so they need about five minutes
then they can come out and the chips and
go back in clips done been cool nice and
crispy so all those out let them drain a
little bit Wow very noisy dude nice
crispy batter and then if our chips go
blind in there Jamie yep because now
it's the twice part of it and this will
make a nice and crispy there we go so
drop those down
they will only need a minute maybe 90
seconds to crisp up
meanwhile over this side we can start
plating arrests
now another classic British thing always
perfect
fish and chips in newtripper okay run it
sorry I'll have a nice big bit of fish
in there a more classic comes with a
tartar sauce okay so that's mayonnaise
capers gherkin nice wedge and lemon yeah
and how those chips coming on Jamie this
shouldn't need much longer I fink mate
they are they're crispy crispy nice and
crispy for in the kitchen well there we
go nice spring of salt season this stays
and it sticks with you old slightly
smells of the seaside yeah I think
that's smells and sounds so we'll stuff
some of our chips in there yeah plenty
inside yes so for everyone who was after
something traditionally British it's our
beer battered haddock and chips sorting
there we go fish and chips
yes four chip intercostals mmm good
squeeze a lemon out of that fish I'm
trying my fishes finger well I've
amazing fresh fish fling that is what
bring me the truth so from all of us in
the UK here's a real seaside favorite
toy